Rewrite README to reflect what this repo contains (#2672)
I-am-Erk/CDDA-Tilesets: readme.md

PNGs will then be compiled into a tileset using [a python script](https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/blob/master/tools/gfx_tools/compose.py).

For information about installing and contributing see [**documentation**](https://i-am-erk.github.io/CDDA-Tilesets).

## Licensing
Cataclysm:Dark Days Ahead and the Ultimate Cataclysm tileset is the result of contributions from volunteers under the Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 3.0 license. The code and content of the game is free to use, modify, and redistribute for any purpose whatsoever. See [Creative Commons](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/) for details. Some code distributed with the project is not part of the project and is released under different software licenses, the files covered by different software licenses have their own license notices.
## Tilesets

All of the tileset in this repository are included in a release of the game.
You can just load into the game and see what they are like for yourself.

Use [this discord](https://discord.gg/kAXNZuy) to discuss and contribute to most

> of these community-driven tilesets!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Isometric tilesets

Changes the game to an isometric perspective.

- [UltiCa iso](gfx/Ultica_iso)
- [IsoMSX+](gfx/IsoMSX+)
- [HitButton iso](gfx/HitButton_iso)

### Overmap tilesets

Specialized tilesets for the overmap.

#### [Larwick Overmap](gfx/Larwick_Overmap)

Overmap tileset initially released as a mod by Larwick, like Retrodays it uses simple symbols and a small color palette to emulate the style of old console graphics.

#### [ASCII Overmap](gfx/ASCII_Overmap)

The map from the ASCII version of the game.
Clear and readable.

#### [Surveyors Map](gfx/SurveyorsMap)

A realistic and detailed overmap.
Shows e.g. the layouts of houses.

#### [Pen And Paper](gfx/PenAndPaper)

A hand-drawn immersive overmap.
- [You can add map markers, arrows and more to your map.](https://github.com/jneidel/CDDA-Tilesets/blob/master/doc/style/PenAndPaper/usage.md)
- A [reddit showcase](https://www.reddit.com/r/cataclysmdda/comments/1f6l2db/pen_and_paper_overmap_tileset/) of the initial version of the map by the author.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Not interested in linking ot reddit posts

        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-read-green?style=flat-square"
            alt="documentation"></a>
</p>

Community-made tilesets for [Cataclysm: Dark Days Ahead](https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA).
Tilesets give the game a different aesthetic.

This repository stores individual sprites for UltiCa in PNG format, and also source files with layering in *PSD* (Photoshop), *XCF* (gimp 2.10) or *KRA* (Krita) formats.

> PNGs will then be compiled into a tileset using [a python script](https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/blob/master/tools/gfx_tools/compose.py) maintained by [mlangsdorf](https://github.com/mlange-42).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PNGs will then be compiled into a tileset using [a python script](https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/blob/master/tools/gfx_tools/compose.py).
```
While mlangsdorf made the script he hasn't worked on the project for years now, we're definitly not going to pin maintenance on him by linking to his github profil directly

For information about installing and contributing see [**documentation**](https://i-am-erk.github.io/CDDA-Tilesets).

## Tilesets

All of the tileset in this repository are included in a release of the game.
You can just load into the game and see what they are like for yourself.

Use [this discord](https://discord.gg/kAXNZuy) to discuss and contribute to most
of these community-driven tilesets!
Development is constantly ongoing!

### [UltiCa](gfx/UltimateCataclysm)

**UltiCa** (*Ulti*mate *Ca*taclysm) was inspired by old school pixel art games
and tries to encapsulate a dark tone and atmosphere of utter desperation of the
cataclysm.

It is the default tileset used when you use the tiles version of the game.

> Out of all the tilesets it covers the most amount of game entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't know if this is true we don't really need that in the readme

### [AltiCa](gfx/Altica)

An alternative UltiCa.

### [MSXotto+/MShockXotto+](gfx/MShockXotto+)

### [Chibi Ultica](gfx/Chibi_Ultica)

Chibi Ultica is a combination of MSXotto+ tileset for monsters and characters,
the Chibi part, and the Ultica tileset for the rest of the world.

### [RetroDays](gfx/Retrodays)

### [NeoDays](gfx/NeoDays)

Neodays is a modified version of RetroDays.

### [GiantDays](gfx/GiantDays)

GiantDays is heavily based on Neodays, itself a modified version of RetroDays.

### [BrownLikeBears](gfx/BrownLikeBears)

BrownLikeBears is a neat tileset based on RetroDays.

### [HollowMoon](gfx/HollowMoon)

> 

Author: What is HollowMoon about? :slightly_smiling_face:

### [Mushroom Dream](gfx/Mushroom-Dream)

> 

Author: What is Mushroom Dream about? :slightly_smiling_face:

### Isometric tilesets

Changes the game to an isometric perspective.

- [UltiCa iso](gfx/Ultica_iso)
- [IsoMSX+](gfx/IsoMSX+)
- [HitButton iso](gfx/HitButton_iso)

### Overmap tilesets

Specialized tilesets for the overmap.

#### [Larwick Overmap](gfx/Larwick_Overmap)

#### [ASCII Overmap](gfx/ASCII_Overmap)

The map from the ASCII version of the game.
Clear and readable.

#### [Surveyors Map](gfx/SurveyorsMap)

A realistic and detailed overmap.
Shows e.g. the layouts of houses.

#### [Pen And Paper](gfx/PenAndPaper)

A hand-drawn immersive overmap.
- [You can add map markers, arrows and more to your map.](https://github.com/jneidel/CDDA-Tilesets/blob/master/doc/style/PenAndPaper/usage.md)
- A [reddit showcase](https://www.reddit.com/r/cataclysmdda/comments/1f6l2db/pen_and_paper_overmap_tileset/) of the initial version of the map by the author.

### Third party tilesets

An incomplete list of other tilesets created by the community.
These are not part of this repository and don't come bundled with the game.

> - [UndeadPeople](https://github.com/Theawesomeboophis/UndeadPeopleTileset)

Reviewer: We're definitly not linking to undeadpeople

        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-read-green?style=flat-square"
            alt="documentation"></a>
</p>

Community-made tilesets for [Cataclysm: Dark Days Ahead](https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA).
Tilesets give the game a different aesthetic.

> This repository stores individual sprites for UltiCa in PNG format, and also source files with layering in *PSD* (Photoshop), *XCF* (gimp 2.10) or *KRA* (Krita) formats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository stores individual sprites in PNG format, and also source files with layering in `.psd` (Photoshop), `.xcf` (GIMP 2.10), `.kra` (Krita) and `.ase`/`.aseprite` (Aseprite) formats.
```

PNGs will then be compiled into a tileset using [a python script](https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/blob/master/tools/gfx_tools/compose.py) maintained by [mlangsdorf](https://github.com/mlange-42).

For information about installing and contributing see [**documentation**](https://i-am-erk.github.io/CDDA-Tilesets).

## Tilesets

All of the tileset in this repository are included in a release of the game.
You can just load into the game and see what they are like for yourself.

Use [this discord](https://discord.gg/kAXNZuy) to discuss and contribute to most
of these community-driven tilesets!
Development is constantly ongoing!

### [UltiCa](gfx/UltimateCataclysm)

**UltiCa** (*Ulti*mate *Ca*taclysm) was inspired by old school pixel art games
and tries to encapsulate a dark tone and atmosphere of utter desperation of the
cataclysm.

It is the default tileset used when you use the tiles version of the game.
Out of all the tilesets it covers the most amount of game entities.

### [AltiCa](gfx/Altica)

An alternative UltiCa.

### [MSXotto+/MShockXotto+](gfx/MShockXotto+)

> 

Author: What is MSXotto+ about? :slightly_smiling_face:

### [Chibi Ultica](gfx/Chibi_Ultica)

Chibi Ultica is a combination of MSXotto+ tileset for monsters and characters,
the Chibi part, and the Ultica tileset for the rest of the world.

### [RetroDays](gfx/Retrodays)

> 

Author: What is RetroDays about? :slightly_smiling_face:
